Scotts Research Principles.

1. Don't Marry your great idea.  If it starts to smell, get looking
   for alternatives.  But, don't bolt too fast, you could have left
   behind something great.

2. Apply Occam's razor everywhere, all the time.  Occams razor says
   simply that when there is a choice, pick the simpler idea.  It
   *doesn't* say that complex solutions are never required, only to
   first try the easier way.

3. When working on a well-defined problem, map and search the state
   space.  A complex problem can have multiple dimensions with
   different techniques in each dimension.  If you don't think about
   the full state space you can miss the best answer.

4. The principles of 1, 2 and 3.  Work with examples of small number
   before and along with the full abstract theory.  At the very start
   you may use the principle of 1.  Quickly get up to the principle of
   2, and occasionally apply the principle of 3 as well.

5. If you don't have at least some idea on how the solution you are
   working on is ever going to be useful in practice, you aren't
   solving a problem, you are flying into the Void.  This is a
   difficult issue, we need to look ahead but not further than we can
   reliably see since the future is quite uncertain.

6. Enjoy the wipe-outs.  Even when an approach is shown to break down
   there is progress made because a deeper understanding has been reached.

7. Start anywhere.  The important thing is not how bad the starting
   point is but that you keep moving: testing, accepting or rejecting
   behavior, and redesigning.

8. Read up.  If there seem to be some new keywords involved in what
   you are doing, track down papers on that topic.  If you come up
   with a new, simple elegant solution, someone else could have
   already thought of it.

9. Tests.  However abstract the problem you are working on, have a
   suite of test examples which cover the interesting cases.  Maintain
   the tests and add new ones when you add a new feature to the
   theory.

10. Implement, if at all possible.

11. ...


